[MUSIC]
>> Scott: All right so, the next step,
if you join me, will be step six.
Check out step six.
Whoa, and this one, what is this one?
This was is block components I think.
Yeah, so this one we're gonna
do like just creating, you're
gonna be going through and
creating a components again.
But there's a little less in there for
you this time and a little more for
you to do, and some extra stuff that
you didn't get to do before we created
the home component in the blog component.
So you're gonna be making
the blog post component.
And like I said, there's less here,
more to do, and new stuff to do as well.
I added a whole bunch of new stuff.
Yeah, there's no to dos?
Here we go, there's some to dos.
Yeah, there's like four of them.
>> Scott: If you're not getting to dos,
maybe do a pull from GitHub to see
if you have the latest branch.
>> Speaker 2: What plugin is that?
>> Scott: The todo plugin?
That is gulp todoist.
Yeah it's okay, you can probably
just make your own and be better.
This one's fine, but I really have
like it's like very hard to read.
I wish I was a different color.
Yeah so, what you're gonna be doing
is making a blog post component.
There's a blog post folder already
there with the files already there.
But again, there's more to do.
Less hints and new stuff as well.
Especially in a blog-post.js,
some new, if you don't know angular,
you're probably going to get lost here,
which is fine.
You should definitely struggle a little
bit.
>> Scott: But
there's some funky stuff going
on in there, I promise you.
So, what that will look
like if you are done.
>> Scott: Would be this.
>> Scott: Oops, did I not, cool, so
you get like,
it's orange now I changed the color.
Now if you go in and you click on one of
these little buttons on the kitty card,
you get to go see the blog.
That's what that should look like.
Alright, so
if you click that you see the blog.
>> Scott: So, I don't think I made it
too hard for you as far as like trying to
figure out how to get this slug in
the URL, I think I did that part already.
Because that would just been really,
really torture.
But yeah, you pretty much just have to
fill in the holes in the component.